you know I've been doing a lot of
thinking about the ex vegan thing lately
I've been looking at a lot of videos
from ex vegans and I've been preparing
responses to some of them different
people become vegan for different
reasons and different people drop out
for different reasons but I guess what I
hate most of all about experienced
vegans who go back to eating meat is the
intellectual laziness of it if you've
already been a vegan for ten years you
know just how easy it is to keep doing
it
you know I mean people have never tried
being vegan they asked me for advice
they say how hard is it I tell them it
is just as hard as going to a 7-eleven
and saying no I'm not gonna take that
chocolate bar I'm gonna take this
chocolate bar I'm not gonna take the
chocolate bar that has milk chocolate
I'm gonna take the dark chocolate bar
that doesn't have milk in it it's a
series of trivial decisions day to day
like that that you get used to and that
can easily invisibly become part of your
daily life in modern Western society you
know you can come up with scenarios what
if my airplane crashes in the desert
island guess what if you're watching
this video right now you are not
marooned on a desert island day to day
in modern Western civilization it
quickly becomes a seamless part of your
life that it's easy to feel positive
about ethically and it's also easy to
just ignore as a vegan you can sometimes
forget that you're vegan you can have
friends who've known you for years and
they didn't even know you were vegan it
actually isn't a matter of constantly
making a spectacle of yourself unlike
say living the way Blair White does in
many other ways I'm sure that her status
as an advocate for being a transsexual
is a serious commitment that's involved
serious sacrifices and serious suffering
on her part the amount of physical agony
she has gone through so that she can
resemble a woman in terms of surgery
recovering from surgery in terms of
public stigma in terms of fear of just
random people beating her up on the
street because I know it's hard even in
Toronto it's hard level of random hatred
random violence the transsexuals are
targeted for it's unbelievable but the
danger and difficulty and physical pain
that she is committed to in order to be
a trans woman is exponentially higher
than the difficulty of being a vegan so
why is it now
why is it now that after ten years of
experience with the day-to-day minutia
of being vegan of not picking this
chocolate bar picking that choco bar not
having your breakfast cereal with cow
milk having your breakfast cereal with
soy milk with checking to see whether or
not bagels happen to have honey or eggs
on their list of ingredients and then
choosing these bagels rather than those
bagels it's it's really not that big a
deal folks why is it now after 10 years
that she has given up being vegan it's
because of a feeling it's because of a
feeling it's because of feeling tired
and on another level
it's the profound intellectual laziness
of middle age it's not wanting to think
about it okay I know a lot of
middle-aged people I'm a middle-aged
person myself let me tell you the
difference between being a teenager and
being a little age middle-aged person
middle-aged people their number one
pleasure in life is not thinking not
thinking about their problems not
thinking about the future not thinking
about right or wrong most people go
through a transitional phase in their
youth as teenagers where they're
sincerely engaged with and questioning
the meaning of life and the world around
them and then at some point they just
pass a dotted line in the road called
compromise they make their peace with
the establishment they sign up for their
nine-to-five job and they decide that
none of those questions matter anymore
they want to live the humdrum regular
life of a dull conformist and that's why
Blair White is a conservative because in
a profound level that's what she is and
that's who she is vitamin b12 deficiency
it doesn't take a whole lot of thought
to figure out meat and dairy don't
really contain or provide b12 if you
look into it a little bit
basically b12 is found in filth it's
found in dirt it's found in poo it's
found in filth the teams on the surface
of red meat and yes b12 is actually
given as a supplement in feed to cattle
try to increase the b12 content in dairy
milk and dairy milk product
it really doesn't take a whole lot of
effort or a whole lot of thought or
soul-searching or google searching to
figure out why it is that most national
recommendations including the United
States recommendations including the
recommendations of Venezuela and Israel
almost every country where the
government is in research the
recommendations are that everyone should
take a b12 supplement not just vegans
not just vegetarians not just
meat-eaters absolutely everyone should
be taking a b12 supplement guess what
when they did the research on b9 and
other B vitamins they started adding
adding supplements to things like
processed foods pasta etc because
deficiencies and those were very
widespread also okay it is new science
but in terms of how it interfaces with
your life it's really not that complex
vitamin D deficiency she's feeling tired
and she says oh but I'm out in the Sun
all the time are you honey
aurilla guess what's in between you and
the sunshine about a metric foot of
makeup if you can't figure out why it is
that you're out in the Sun whole time
but when you take off your makeup you're
pale and your vitamin D deficient I
don't know what to tell you look in the
mirror I'm look at your face on YouTube
it's really obvious to me why it is that
you're out in the Sun and yet the sun's
rays are mysteriously failing to provide
you with vitamin D country-by-country
look at government recommendations on
vitamin D supplements they vary for
Canada the recommendations are actually
higher than for the United States or for
Europe because the Canadian government
looked into and they said look this
sunlight thing is just not cutting it
the vast majority of Canadians need to
get vitamin D from food and they need to
get it from pills
okay so varies from place to place and
different teams of scientists to
different kinds of research and looked
at different groups of populations and
how people actually live most human
beings if you work a nine-to-five job
you're indoors at a desk from 9:00 to
5:00 you're actually getting shockingly
little exposure to the sun's rays
unless you're a rice farmer planting
rice and a rice paddy during the workday
you get shocking a little exposure to
the sun's rays even if you think you do
even if for those 30 seconds when you
lock your car door and walk from your
car to your office
the fact is almost
buddy in a country like Canada is
getting enough sunlight to provide them
with vitamin D so take the goddamn pill
alright and what is the problem why do
you think after 10 years of being
healthy and vibrant as a vegan she
started a few but could there be any
other factors are there any other
factors mentioned in this video could it
be that she is taking a cocktail of mood
altering drugs that are meant to
suppress her body's natural hormonal
system and to in fact cause radically
different feminizing effects in our
hormone system that could possibly just
possibly have unpredictable hormonal
effects could it be that repeatedly
having surgeries recovery from surgeries
using painkillers all the disruption to
your normal biological engine could it
be that the type of very mild problem
she's describing in terms of lack of
energy of just feeling sleepy could it
be that any of the other factors in her
lifestyle read to this and look I don't
know Blaire white I don't know about
your drug and alcohol use I just checked
your Twitter and I see you partying but
you know simply alcohol the world's most
common mind-altering drug it can also
cause some of the side effects of
drowsiness and exhaustion and again I
don't know maybe you're partying clean
and sober I've just seen a bunch of
photos of you partying with Jacqueline
Glen but it seems that you do party and
that also could have been folks in your
life the fundamental problem here is not
a vegan diet
the fundamental problem are not easily
avoided and easily rectified dietary
deficiencies the fundamental problem
here is the self-selected obscurity of
middle-age is the profound intellectual
laziness that sets in for the majority
of people when they no longer have a
French teacher standing over their
shoulder pointing at them forcing them
to learn French when they no longer have
a science teacher and a philosophy
teacher forcing them to learn science
and philosophy some people have the
self-discipline to the autodidact to be
self teaching to be self driven self
directed self inspired to keep learning
new things into middle age into old age
and the vast majority of people don't
the vast majority of people make their
sacrifice
don't make their sacrifices they make
their compromises they settle into an
enjoyable unexamined life and that's
what Blair White won't wants most of all
honey you've worked so hard to turn
yourself into an illusion of what it
means to be a woman I wish you'd take
the time to examine the question of what
it means to be a good woman what it
means to be a good person what it means
to be a good man it's really easy to
lose sight of that to lose sight of
questions of good and evil right and
wrong
I left a comment below your video
pointing out to you that you know what
there's a difference between
manslaughter and murder the difference
has to do with premeditation has to do
with whether not you really understand
the consequences of your actions has to
do with your motivations there are
millions of people all over the world
who eat meat every day who've never
questioned it who don't know what the
consequences of their actions are that's
not you honey you're someone who has
clear knowledge of what you're doing you
know that it's morally wrong you know
it's unethical you know it's bad
ecologically ethically and in so many
other ways and you're making the choice
to do it anyway on spurious grounds just
as there's a moral difference between
manslaughter and murder I think we all
need to face up to the fact that there's
a moral difference tree merely being non
vegan and being ex vegan